♻️ REFACTOR: `ci/` folder (#4565)
aiidateam/aiida-core: .molecule/README.md

> # Molecule System Integration Testing

Author: Hmm could do; they are more towards stress testing than the unit tests, but I'm not sure I would say they are full on stress testing (like e.g. submitting 100s of calculations at a time or running for long periods of time).
We might also want to add things like the SSH calculations?

> # Molecule System Integration Testing

Author: changed

This folder contains configuration for running automated system integration tests against an isolated AiiDA environment.

This utilises [molecule](https://molecule.readthedocs.io) to automate the creation/destruction of a docker container environment and the setup and testing within it.

> The simplest way to run these tests is to use the `tox` environment provided in this repository's `pyproject.toml` file:
> 
> ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests are currently set up to stress-test the AiiDA engine by launching a number of workchains of varying complexity, defined by [reverse polish notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_notation).
They  are part of the continuous integration pipeline of AiiDA and are run using [Jenkins](https://www.jenkins.io/) on our own infrastructure.

## Running the tests locally

The simplest way to run these tests is to use the `tox` environment provided in this repository's `pyproject.toml` file:

```console
```
